The coverage about me in the times and the post gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its dwindling subscribers and readers. They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONEST! The failing times has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS! I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you! Honored to meet with Pro Life leaders in my office tonight. Mexico has taken advantage of us for long enough. Massive trade deficits and little help on the very weak border must change, NOW! Will be interviewed on fox at tonight. Enjoy! Spoke at the Congressional Retreat. this afternoon. Thank you for your support! The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one sided deal from the beginning with massive numbers of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting. As your President, I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people. Beginning today, the United States of America gets back control of its borders. I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and even, those registered to vote who are dead and many for a long time. Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures! Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall! Congratulations to fox for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS! Public is smart! Great meeting with automobile industry leaders this morning. A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper and lower press hall. Will be meeting with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here! Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in to talk manufacturing in America. Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I do not always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views. Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago! Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why did these people not vote? Celebs hurt cause badly. Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN! Do not allow anyone to tell you that it cannot be done. No challenge can match the HEART and FIGHT and SPIRIT of America. A fantastic day and evening.Thank you to fox and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech! THANK YOU for another wonderful evening. TOGETHER, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! TO ALL AMERICANS! So to all Americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain. We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN AND HIRE AMERICAN! We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth and we will bring back our dreams! The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again. What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people. Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one party to another but we are transferring power and giving it back to you, the American People. It all begins today! I will see you at for the swearing in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES! THE WORK BEGINS! the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time! Thank you to our amazing Warriors for their service. No wonder the Today Show on biased nbc is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility! The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before. People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday! nbc is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television! For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!! INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS A COMPLETE FRAUD! The Unaffordable Care Act will soon be history! Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans. FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued. All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine! We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what is going on. Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to leak into the public. One last shot at me. I win an election easily, a great movement is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state! Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA! NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING! Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE. Very unfair! FAKE NEWS! A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT! Small business optimism soars. Thank you to all of the men and women who protect and serve our communities. Groveling when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media! Dishonest media says Mexico will not be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake! Before I, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked. So serious! We certainly do not want intelligence interfering with politics. Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only stupid people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD! Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched! I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it. The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall, will be paid back by Mexico later! So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on? These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield. Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Looking forward to a wonderful and prosperous 2017 as we work together to Make America Great Again. Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love! My Administration will follow two simple rules. They purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute. Until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes. Dishonest! We must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes. Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase DRAIN THE SWAMP was no longer being used by me. Actually, we will always be trying to drain the swamp. I met some really great GENERALS and ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people! Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult and sophisticated than the popular vote. She focused on the wrong states! I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently. We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election, despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media. If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned and called terrible names!